{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green0\blue255;\red164\green8\blue0;\red217\green11\blue0;
\red255\green39\blue18;\red43\green71\blue20;\red0\green45\blue153;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16100\viewh8680\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \
Commands\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
Player Commands:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs22 \cf2 withdraw [amount] --Withdraws money (Cant do in wilderness)\
report [comment] -- Saves a report on file\
trade -- teleports to trade area.\
stask -- View Slayer task\
slevel -- View Slayer level\
back -- Returns from a ::sit or ::afk (Can't do in wilderness)\
\ul dice -- Rolls a dice. (can't do in wilderness, and can't be sitting)\
\ulnone rank -- Tells the world your rank (Can't do in wilderness)\
help -- Asks a admin for help (Can only be done every 3 min, and can't do in jail or muted)\
\cf3 players -- Shows the amount of players\
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 dicing -- Needs to be moderator(Gets dice of some sort)\
\cf2 \ulnone snowon -- turns snow on. (Only some places you can see it)\
snowoff -- turns snow off.\
changepassword [newpass] --changes pass of the server.\
afk -- makes the player sit on a chair (Different rank = different chair)(Cant do in wilderness)\
\cf3 private -- goes to Owner zone.\
\cf5 staffzone -- goes to staff zone //NOT AVILIBLE\
\cf2 funpk -- goes to funPK zone.\
highpk -- goes to level 47 wildy.\
\ul myprivatezone -- Some sort of area.\
\ulnone train2 -- goes to second training area.\
train -- goes to first training area.\
cool -- Some animation for the whole server (Spam?)\
startdung -- Goes to server dungenring. Gives Ring of kinship\
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 fall -- Owner dance\
\cf5 \ulc5 demon -- Not sure, owner only.\
\cf3 \ulnone fakels -- Owner only, gets item to clan\
\cf2 shops -- teleports to shops.\
mithdrags -- teleports to mithril dragons.\
\cf4 return -- returns a Owner to original form.\
\cf2 noclip -- logs out player.\
logout -- logs out player.\
commands -- shows little commands.\
rules -- shows some rules.\
\cf6 \ul \ulc6 skull -- does something with sculls.\
\cf2 \ulnone pkp - Shows Trisidia Points\'85.(Command has many variations.)\
\cf4 restart -- Only Owner, Shuts down server.\
\cf2 kdr -- shows the kdr of a player.\
:: [Text] -- Writes to the commands.txt file. \
yell [text] -- Tells something to the hole server. Has a filter for bad words.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Moderator Commands:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \
jail [Name] -- Jails player,(Can't do in wilderness and while dunginaring)\
mute [Name] -- Mutes player.\
ban [Name] -- bans player.\
unban [Name] --unbans player.\
xteleto [Name] -- Teleports to the player.\
unmute [Name] -- unmutes player.\
checkbank [Name] -- Checks other players bank. (Cant do when in dungenaring)\
checkinv [name] -- Checks other players inventory.\
\cf4 kick [name] -- Owner Only, kicks player.\
\cf2 unjail [name] -- unjails player.(Cant do in dungenaring or in wild.)\
\cf4 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Admin Commands:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs22 \cf4 \
alert [Text] -- Makes a popup message to all players. Owner Only\
\cf2 bank -- Opens your bank.\
ipmute [player] - Mutes everyone on that ip.\
object [ItemId] -- places object that gets removed when you log off.\
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 mark [player] -- Gives a player a dark mark. Owner Only.\
url_[player]_[url]_[amount] -- Opens url, Does not work in mac. Owner only. Spam?\
\cf2 \ulnone mypos -- tells what x,y,height you are at.\
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 shop [shopID] -- Opens a shop? Owner Only\
\cf2 \ulnone interface [id] -- Opens the interface with the id.\
\cf4 givedonor [player] -- gives donor rights. Owner only.\
gfx [id] --opens the gfx. Owner only!\ul \
\cf2 \ulnone tp [player] -- teleports to player.\
xteletome [player] -- teleports player to you.\
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 sm -- Runs the news??? Owner only.\
\ulnone reloadshops -- Resets the shops. Owner only.\
\cf2 getip [player] -- gets the ip of the player.\
fhome [player] -- Teleports player to home.\
npc [id] -- Spawns npc at location.\
\cf4 god -- Makes the player fly. Owner Only.\
\cf2 unipmute [player] -- Unmutes the ip.\
item [id] [amount] -- gives user the item.\
ipban [player] --Ip bans the player.\
unban [player] --unbans the player.\cf4 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Owner Commands:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs22 \cf2 empty [player] --Removes all items from player.\
empty -- removes all your items.\
setlevel [skillID] [level] [player] -- sets the level of skill of player.\
snowon --turns snow on.\
snowoff -- turns snow off.\
bank -- show your bank.\
heal -- Heal yourself.\
heal [player] -- heals the player.\
update -- Updates the server ticks.\
who [player] --sees lots of info of player including password.\
\ul pure --Unsure of what this does. Edits xp.\
\ulnone copy [player] --copyies players stuff to them.\
anim [AnimiationID] --Starts the animation.\
npcall [npcID] --tures you into the npc. do ::unpc to get back.\
scare [player] --scares player.\
unpc -- makes you return to your self.\
kill [player] --kills player.\
giveitem [Id] [Amount] [Player] -- gives player that item.\
levelids -- Shows you the level ids for the ::setlevel command\
takeitem [Id] [Amount] [Player] -- removes the item from player.\
giveadmin [player] --gives admin rights to the player.\
givespins [player] [amount] --gives player spins.\
givepoints [player] [amount] --gives player points.\
giveowner [player] --gives owner status to player. \cf3 DANGEROUS\cf2 !!\
givemod [player] --gives moderator status to player.\
\ul pnpc\cf7 \ulc7  [id] --makes new pnpc.\
\cf2 \ulc2 spec --Gives specAmount?\
\ulnone unmaster -- Resets your skills.\
master -- Sets all your skills to 99.\
\ul switch -- does something to your armor.\
brid -- gives some items.\cf7 \ulc7 \
\cf2 \ulnone alltome -- teleports everyone to you.\
demote [player] --resets the user to normal status.\
\ul \
}